# Agenda
- [1. Nick K desires to use WISE (Release date) [Brett]](#1-nick-k-desires-to-use-wise-release-date-brett)
- [2. Rebranding [Franco]](#2-rebranding-franco)
- [3. GitHub Automation [Franco]](#3-github-automation-franco)
- [4. Burn Probability in AB [Liz]](#4-burn-probability-in-ab-liz)
- [5. Exec committee changes & project mgmt [Neal]](#5-exec-committee-changes--project-mgmt-neal)
- [5b. Checking in with this team [Neal]](#5b-checking-in-with-this-team-neal)
- [5c. What I would like from the team [Neal]](#5c-what-i-would-like-from-the-team-neal)

## Attendees

Franco Nogarin

Liz Chapman

Brett Moore

Rob Kruus

Rob Bryce

Brad Armitage

Neal McLoughlin

### 1. Nick K desires to use WISE (Release date) [Brett]

Do we have a release date we're comfortable with?

Can we get a dev version over for them to build tech on?

### 2. Rebranding [Franco]

_Franco_ - When we talk about branding we are talking about several things:

1. Coloquial name of PSaaS - no more PSaaS, its WISE now
2. How we label the engine
3. How we speak about the engine
4. How we write about it on the website
5. How we discuss it within our repository
6. Project Management - GitHub organization will all be renamed
7. Source code - all evidence of PSaaS will need to become WISE

_Franco_ - We had a bunch of pre-wise work that needed to be completed before the PSaaS project could become the WISE project. Once the rebranding has taken place we can move towards our release.

_Neal_ - A lot of different ways that rebranding needs to happen isn't visible to many of the folks in agency. The really important one is how we use it as team members. PSaaS has never been a real name.

### 3. GitHub Automation [Franco]

_Franco_ - Centers around modernizing our architecture and development project. The automation here means we make a change to the source code and the system will automatically make a new version. This brand new version is not built in the future by software developers, it is built automatically and has a testing process built in.

_Franco_ - We propose a 2 step process. Rob making many business changes, many of which were made during the automation of RedApp. RedApp autobuilds, great success. Now we will also make this so test branches will be able to generate test builds in order to test an element at a time. In order for use to collaborate effectively and invite in other developers the code must be open source. End of the day, builds would not take time, cost money or need a request.

_Franco_ - Making parts of the code automable, and part of the repository supportive of automation. In order for automation to occur we need to give that direction. Automation of builds is key to opening the source and dynamic enough to react appropriately to rapid changes. These changes also support agencies making changes on their own and to provide changes back. Not sure how to kick this off, but we are moving in this direction.

_Rob K_ - Automation process will also have testing implemented.

_Franco_ - Correct and the unit tests will be additive as well.

### 4. Burn Probability in AB [Liz]

_Liz_ - Been quiet recently as Alberta has been invested in a burn probability project in the Upper Smoky region. Develop a risk profile for caribou and surrounding areas. GP South and West up to Grand Cache. Lots of spread modelling done. E&P contracted out Cordy, McAlpine and HSS, also engaged Jen Beverly and Liz is the lead modeller.

_Liz_ - Looking at changes in caribou habitat with changes in harvest, fuel grids through time. Accounting for the reduction in human ignitions along linear corridors and seismic line reclamations. 2 million simulations. Outputs for all primary and secondary FBP components. Using 95th percentile FWI. Looking to share in time. Methodology coming over to CFS shortly. Using critical pathway analysis as well.

_Neal_ - another example of how the engine can be used.

### 5. Exec committee changes & project mgmt [Neal]

_Neal_ - Off cadence meeting to deal with admin whatnot. Started last week. Nice to dig into the meat of admin and not waste this teams time. Make this time meaningful, want to know how you'd like to use this time. Came up indirectly when Liz mentioned AB pilot of firecast. Often refer to firecast and NZ projects and mix the two up. What I'm asking for from each teammember is to really help people understand what it is we're doing, what we're not doing, and what is possible. This will help mitigate anchoring. What we are now calling WISE and what was behind that name is basically describing what it is we are doing. We have lifted the code from Prometheus, stripped off the UI and implemented it in a more modern way for portability and utility. We are no longer locked to the COM, it is not automation, AI, ML, firecast or firehawk, it is simply the engine that could power / be powered by each of these. Could regenerate prometheus as we know it but better if desired. What we are doing does not imply or require automation, we are just going that route as it will be a need as near real time modelling becomes more prevalent. Many teams are taking the tool and using it to make automated tools.

### 5b. Checking in with this team [Neal]

_Neal_ - Bring in some agencies that have been on the peripheral. As we grow we need to segregate responsiblity.

_Rob K_ - What people might want to do or have done with it.

_Liz_ - Gave a presentation to the business collaboration team, future of fgm services. Should we use Prom or WISE, asked for direction from mgr and that group. All for collaborating and building on others work. We want Prometheus functionality, ideally it would be done with WISE as a backend

_Franco_ - Agency perspective, always want to know what others are doing. Presentation at WFC and National Conversations will be where these new use cases will be elucidated.

_Rob_ - Gives me some idea where things are going and what the priorities are. As a dev I see one aspect but in these meetings I gain valuable perspective. This project is evolving and maturing but we have a decent list to getting to open source. Kudos to Franco for visioning this out over a decade ago. Don't forget about NZ, they were huge in moving away from Windows and validation. Hopefully we can keep them engaged. Hoping to formalize what these different groups can do and want to contribute. Let's also get them some timelines.

_Neal_ - Opportunity to learn where the project is going and inform the team where management would like to see this project is going. Potentially an opportunity to provide funding back to the team.

### 5c. What I would like from the team [Neal]

_Neal_ - Tell others about the project now being called WISE and start learning how folks would like to use the tool.
